docs: erc165 + structs (#304)
OpenZeppelin/rust-contracts-stylus: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/utilities.adoc

= Utilities

The OpenZeppelin Stylus Contracts provide a ton of useful utilities that you can use in your project.

> For a complete list, check out the https://docs.rs/openzeppelin_stylus/utils/index.html[API Reference].

Reviewer: Shouldn't we pin to a specific version? In this case `0.1.0-rc`, otherwise when we publish new releases the docs for the old version will point to the new api docs

Here are some of the more popular ones.

[[introspection]]
== Introspection

> As well as in Solidity, at Stylus, it's frequently helpful to know whether a contract supports an interface you'd like to use.

Reviewer: We can keep the writing simpler
```suggestion
it's frequently helpful to know whether a contract supports an interface you'd like to use.
```

https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-165[`ERC-165`] is a standard that helps do runtime interface detection.

> Contracts provide helpers both for implementing ERC-165 in your contracts and querying other contracts:

Reviewer: Slight rephrase, and I don't think we are providing support for checking interfaces right?
```suggestion
Contracts for Stylus provides helpers for implementing ERC-165 in your contracts:
```

Author: Yeah. Just use `Contracts for Stylus provide` without "s". Since it has already plural form

Reviewer: This is a nit. But Actually it is a singular entity even if it ends with "s"

> Grammatical correctness: "OpenZeppelin Contracts for Stylus" is treated as a singular entity, representing a single library or project. Therefore, the singular verb "exists" is the correct form to use

Author: So be it. But I think there're many artifacts of "mine approach" around the codebase :)

> * https://docs.rs/openzeppelin_stylus/utils/introspection/erc165/trait.IErc165.html[`IERC165`] — this is the ERC-165 trait that defines https://docs.rs/openzeppelin_stylus/utils/introspection/erc165/trait.IErc165.html#tymethod.supports_interface[`supportsInterface`]. In order to implement ERC-165 interface detection, you should manually expose https://docs.rs/openzeppelin_stylus/utils/introspection/erc165/trait.IErc165.html#tymethod.supports_interface[`supportsInterface`] function in your contract.

Reviewer: Same here, we should pin to a specific version in docs.rs

[source,rust]
----
sol_storage! {
    #[entrypoint]
    struct Erc721Example {
        #[borrow]
        Erc721 erc721;
    }
}

#[public]
#[inherit(Erc721)]
impl Erc721Example {
    pub fn supports_interface(interface_id: FixedBytes<4>) -> bool {
        Erc721::supports_interface(interface_id)
    }
}

----

[[structures]]
== Structures

> Some use cases require more powerful data structures than arrays and mappings offered natively in Stylus sdk.

Reviewer: This is a nit, so feel free to ignore it.
```suggestion
Some use cases require more powerful data structures than arrays and mappings offered natively in alloy and the Stylus sdk.
```

> Contracts provides these libraries for enhanced data structure management:

Reviewer: I think we should name it Contracts for Stylus to be more consistent with the name of the library. Alternatively I'm happy to use this crate, or this library....
```suggestion
Contracts for Stylus provides these libraries for enhanced data structure management:
```

> - https://docs.rs/openzeppelin_stylus/utils/structs/bitmap/index.html[`BitMaps`]: Store packed booleans in storage.

Reviewer: Same here, we should pin to a specific version in docs.rs

Author: This pr to the `main` branch. In this case make sense to change it everywhere in the `main` branch.

Reviewer: Should be resolved once we merge #300 back to main
